README.md, before:


# SuperFizzBuzz

In this assignment you'll implement an algorithm that is actually used in some programmer interviews. And the really shocking part is that some people fail it! This is an extension of the FizzBuzz problem, **SuperFizzBuzz**.

A number has a corresponding output. The rules for determining the output are as follows:

*   If it's evenly divisible by 3, 5, and 7 the output is `SuperFizzBuzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 3 and 7 the output is `SuperFizz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 5 and 7 the output is `SuperBuzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 3 and 5 the output is `FizzBuzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 3, the output is `Fizz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 5, the output is `Buzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 7, the output is `Super`
*   Otherwise the output is just the number


## Iteration 1

Write a program called `super_fizz_buzz.rb`. This program should iterate through the numbers 1 to 1000 and for each one, print the output according to the rules above. The output of your program should look something like this:

```
1
2
Fizz
4
Buzz
Fizz
Super
8
Fizz
Buzz
11
Fizz
13
Super
FizzBuzz
16
...
```

## Iteration 2

Refactor your `super_fizz_buzz.rb` file into a class. You should be able to interact with your class from a `pry` session like so:

```ruby
require './super_fizz_buzz'

super_fizz = SuperFizzBuzz.new

super_fizz.output(8)
=> "8"

super_fizz.output(15)
=> "FizzBuzz"

super_fizz.output_range(8, 15)
=> ["8", "Fizz", "Buzz", "11", "Fizz", "13", "Super", "FizzBuzz"]
```

## Iteration 3

Write a Minitest test to verify the behavior of your class

### Iteration 4

Create a command line interface where the user can enter a number or a range of numbers and see the output.

Commit message:

Renaming test to spec. Adjusting readme for RSpec from Minitest, and adding an example to iteration 4.

README.md, after:


# SuperFizzBuzz

In this assignment you'll implement an algorithm that is actually used in some programmer interviews. And the really shocking part is that some people fail it! This is an extension of the FizzBuzz problem, **SuperFizzBuzz**.

A number has a corresponding output. The rules for determining the output are as follows:

*   If it's evenly divisible by 3, 5, and 7 the output is `SuperFizzBuzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 3 and 7 the output is `SuperFizz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 5 and 7 the output is `SuperBuzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 3 and 5 the output is `FizzBuzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 3, the output is `Fizz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 5, the output is `Buzz`
*   If it's evenly divisible by 7, the output is `Super`
*   Otherwise the output is just the number


## Iteration 1

Write a program called `super_fizz_buzz.rb`. This program should iterate through the numbers 1 to 1000 and for each one, print the output according to the rules above. The output of your program should look something like this:

```
1
2
Fizz
4
Buzz
Fizz
Super
8
Fizz
Buzz
11
Fizz
13
Super
FizzBuzz
16
...
```

## Iteration 2

Refactor your `super_fizz_buzz.rb` file into a class. You should be able to interact with your class from a `pry` session like so:

```ruby
require './super_fizz_buzz'

super_fizz = SuperFizzBuzz.new

super_fizz.output(8)
# => "8"

super_fizz.output(15)
# => "FizzBuzz"

super_fizz.output_range(8, 15)
# => ["8", "Fizz", "Buzz", "11", "Fizz", "13", "Super", "FizzBuzz"]
```

## Iteration 3

Write RSpec tests to verify the behavior of your class. Each method should have at least one test.

### Iteration 4

Create a command line interface where the user can enter a number or a range of numbers and see the output. Example:
```
Welcome to SuperFizzBuzz! Enter a number or a range...

# => 15
SuperFizzBuzz

#=> 8, 15
8, Fizz, Buzz, 11, Fizz, 13, Super, FizzBuzz
```
